wp-now: create first version of the command (#188)
WordPress/wordpress-playground: packages/wp-now/README.md

# WP-NOW

> `wp-now` is an intuitive Command Line Interface (CLI) tool designed to streamline the process of setting up a local WordPress environment by using only Node.js. This powerful tool is an ideal choice for developers working on WordPress themes and plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`wp-now` is a Command Line Interface (CLI) tool designed to streamline the process of setting up a local WordPress environment by using only Node.js. This powerful tool is optimized for developers working on WordPress themes and plugins.
```

Author: Done here: https://github.com/WordPress/wordpress-playground/pull/188/commits/dec0385bbdab2d518992d21af64e0fd4d5d04e8a

Thanks for the suggestion.
